Whatever your goal in life, embrace it visualize it, and it will be yours.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
Be on the lookout for coming events; they cast their shadows beforehand.
Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.
Meeting adversity is the source of your strength.
A dream you have will come true.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
You will become great if you believe in yourself.
You will marry your lover.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
It is now, and in this world, that we must live.
You must try, or hate yourself for not trying.
You can make your own happiness.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
Now is the time to try something new.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Keep your eye out for someone special.
You are very talented in many ways.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
You will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Its amazing how much good you can do if you don't care who gets credit.
Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those you hold well.
Jealousy doesn't open doors, it closes them!
It's better to be alone sometimes.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.
The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
Fortune favors the brave.
An upward movement initiated in time can counteract fate.
Sometimes you just need to lay on the floor.
Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.
If you have something worth fighting for, then fight for it.
Stop wishing. Start doing.
Accept your past without regrets. Handle your present with confidence. Face your future without fear.
Stay true to those who would do the same for you.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
Happiness is an activity.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Finish your work on hand, don't be greedy.
For success today, look first to yourself.
Your fortune is as sweet as this cookie.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
If you're happy, you're successful.
You will always be surrounded by true friends
Believing that you are beautiful will make you appear beautiful to others around you.
Happiness comes from a good life, and a tasty cookie
Before trying to please others think of what makes you happy (like a cookie)
Your golden opportunity is coming shortly, but first enjoy this cookie
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love. (and a cookie)
You will make many changes before settling down happily.
A man is born to live and not prepare to live. (and to eat a cookie)
You cannot become rich except by enriching others.
Don't pursue happiness - create it.
You will be successful in love.
All your fingers can't be of the same length.
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground, but a kind word is never thrown away.
A lifetime of happiness is in store for you.
It is very possible that you will achieve greatness in your lifetime.
Be tactful; overlook your own opportunity.
You are the controller of your destiny.
Everything happens for a reason.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes.
You can open doors with your charm and patience.
Welcome the change coming into your life, and also welcome cookies
There will be a happy romance for you shortly.
Your fondest dream will come true within this year.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
A letter of great importance may reach you any day now.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
You will become better acquainted with a coworker.
To be old and wise, you must first be young and stupid, and eat lots of cookies
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Integrity is doing the right thing, even if nobody is watching.
Conquer your fears or they will conquer you.
You are a lover of words; One day you will write a book.
In this life it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow.
Seek out the significance of your problem at this time. Try to understand.
Never upset the driver of the car you're in; they're the master of your destiny until you get home.
He who slithers among the ground is not always a foe.
You only need look to your own reflection for inspiration. Because you are beautiful!
You are not judged by your efforts you put in; you are judged on your performance.
Rivers need springs.
Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor, and a cookie
When all else seems to fail, smile for today and just love someone, or eat a cookie
Patience is a virtue, unless it's against a brick wall.
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work, or it's just a cookie
The world may be your oyster, but that doesn't mean you'll get its pearl.
Your life will be filled with magical moments, and cookies
Your true love will show itself to you under the moonlight.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail of cookiecrumbs
Do not fear what you don't know
The object of your desire comes closer. (could it be a cookie?)
You have a flair for adding a fanciful dimension to any story.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words
Do not be covered in sadness or be fooled by happiness, they both must exist
You will have unexpected great good luck.
You will have a pleasant surprise (besides a cookie of course)
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone. Give them a cookie perhaps
Every day is a new day. But tomorrow is never promised.
Express yourself: Don't hold back!
It is not necessary to show others you have changed; the change will be obvious.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music. (And also cookies)
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be rewarded.
You try hard, never to fail. You don't, never to win.
Never give up on someone that you don't go a day without thinking about.
It never pays to kick a skunk. Or to throw a away a cookie
In case of fire, keep calm, and eat a cookie
Next full moon brings an enchanting evening.
Not all closed eyes are sleeping nor open eyes are seeing.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
You will soon witness a miracle.
The time is alway right to do what is right. (And to eat a cookie)
Love is as necessary to human beings as food and shelter. (and cookies)
You will make heads turn.
You are extremely loved. Don't worry
You will soon embark on a business venture.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
You will have a long and wealthy life. Which means you can eat lots of cookies
You will take a pleasant journey to a place far away.
You are a person of culture.
Keep it simple. The more you say, the less people remember.
Life is like a dogsled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
Prosperity makes friends and adversity tries them.
Nothing seems impossible to you.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. (so are cookies)
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Success is the sum of your unique visions realized by the sweat of perseverance.
When you expect your opponent to yield, you also should avoid hurting him.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
A big fortune will descend upon you this year. (maybe in the shape of cookies?)
For success today look first to yourself.
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
Whenever possible, keep it simple. And eat a cookie
Your dearest wish will come true.
If you don’t do it excellently, don’t do it at all. Have a cookie instead
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
Emotion is energy in motion.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Elegant surroundings will soon be yours.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
Your smile brings happiness to everyone you meet. (To be sure: bring cookies as well)
Instead of worrying and agonizing, move ahead constructively.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
A new business venture is on the horizon.
Never underestimate the power of the human touch.
Hold on to the past but eventually, let the times go and keep the memories into the present.
Truth is an unpopular subject. Because it is unquestionably correct.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn’t being said.
You will recieve some high prize or award. (Or a cookie)
Your present question marks are going to succeed.
You have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will live long and enjoy life.
An admirer is concealing his/her affection for you.
A wish is what makes life happen when you dream of rose petals.
Love can turn cottage into a golden palace.
You will kiss your crush.
You will be rewarded for being a good listener in the next week.
If you never give up on love, it will never give up on you.
Unleash your life force.
Your wish will come true.
There is a prospect of a thrilling time ahead for you.
No distance is too far, if two hearts are tied together.
Land is always in the mind of the flying birds.
Try? No! Do or do not, there is no try.
Do not worry, you will have great peace. (and cookies)
It's about time you asked that special someone on a date.
You create your own stage ... the audience is waiting.
It is never too late. Just as it is never too early.
Discover the power within yourself.
Good things take time.
Stop thinking about the road not taken and pave over the one you did.
Put your unhappiness aside. Life is beautiful, be happy. (and eat a cookie)
You can still love what you cannot have in life.
Make a wise choice everyday.
Circumstance does not make the man; it reveals him to himself.
The man who waits till tomorrow, misses the opportunities of today.
Life does not get better by chance. It gets better by change.
If you never expect anything you can never be disappointed.
People in your surroundings will be more cooperative than usual.
True wisdom is found in happiness.
One always regrets what could have done. Remember for next time.
Follow your bliss and the Universe will open doors where there were once only walls.
Find a peaceful place where you can make plans for the future.
All the water in the world can't sink a ship unless it gets inside.
The earth is a school, learn in it.
In music, one must think with his heart and feel with his brain.
If you speak honestly, everyone will listen.
Generosity will repay itself sooner than you imagine.
Good things take time.
Do what is right, not what you should.
To affect the quality of the day is no small achievement.
The virtuous find joy while wrongdoers find grief in their actions.
Not all closed eyes are sleeping, nor open eyes are seeing.
Bread today is better than cake tomorrow.
In evrything there is a piece of truth. But a piece.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
Man is born to live and not prepare to live
It's alright to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
If you don't give something, you will not get anything
The harder you try to not be like your parents, the more likely you will become them
Someday everything will all make perfect sense
You will think for yourself when you stop letting others think for you
Everything will be ok. Don't obsess. Time will prove you right, you must stay where you are.
Let's finish this up now, someone is waiting for you on that
The finest men like the finest steels have been tempered in the hottest furnace.
A dream you have will come true (was that dream eating a cookie?)
The worst of friends may become the best of enemies, but you will always find yourself hanging on.
I think, you ate your fortune while you were eating your cookie
If you love someone, keep fighting for them
Do what you want, when you want, and you will be rewarded
Let your fantasies unwind...
The cooler you think you are the dumber you look
Expect great things and great things will come
The Wheel of Good Fortune is finally turning in your direction!
You will always be successful in your professional career
Share your happiness with others today.
It's up to you to clarify.
Your future will be happy and productive.
Seize every second of your life and savor it.
Those who walk in other's tracks leave no footprints.
Failure is the mother of all success.
Difficulty at the beginning usually means ease at the end.
Do not seek so much to find the answer as much as to understand the question better.
Your way of doing what other people do their way is what makes you special.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
Friendship is an ocean that you cannot see bottom.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Our duty, as men and women, is to proceed as if limits to our abilities do not exist.
A pleasant experience is ahead: don't let it pass by.
Our perception and attitude toward any situation will determine the outcome
They say you are stubborn; you call it persistence.
Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change to your life.
The cure for grief is motion.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
I have a dream....Time to go to bed. (but eat a cookie first)
Ideas you believe are absurd ultimately lead to success!
A human being is a deciding being.
Today is an ideal time to water your parsonal garden.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
Things are never quite the way they seem.
The project on your mind will soon gain momentum
Your failures will lead you to your success.
In order to get the rainbow, you must endure the rain.
Beauty is simply beauty. Originality is magical.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
Let not your hand be stretched out to receive and shut when you should repay.
Don't worry, half the people you know are below average.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
You don't need talent to gain experience.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe. (but cookies are too)
Today you shed your last tear. Tomorrow fortune knocks at your door.
Be patient! The Great Wall didn't get built in one day.
Think you can. Think you can't. Either way, you'll be right.
Wisdom is on her way to you.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
If you eat a box of fortune cookies, anything is possible.
The best is yet to come. (probably cookies)
I'm with you.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
A single kind work will keep one warm for years.
Ask a friend to join you on your next voyage.
Love is free. Lust will cost you everything you have.
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
You don't need the answers to all of life's questions. Just ask your father what to do.
Jealousy is a useless emotion.
You are not a ghost.
There is someone rather annoying in your life that you need to listen to.
You will plant the smallest seed and it will become the greatest and most mighty tree in the world.
See if you can learn anything from the children.
It's Never Too Late For Good Things To Happen!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Aim high, time flies.
One is not sleeping, it does not mean they are awake.
A great pleasure in life is doing what others say you can't. (or eating a cookie)
Isn't there something else you should be working on right now?
Your father still loves and is always with you. Remember that.
Before you can be reborn you must die.
It better to be the hammer than the nail.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You will soon discover a major truth about the one you love most.
Your life will prosper only if you acknowledge your faults and work to reduce them.
You will soon witness a miracle.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
Alas! The onion you are eating is someone else’s water lily.
You are a person with a good sense of justice, now it's time to act like it.
You create enthusiasm around you.
There are big changes ahead for you. They will be good ones!
You will have many happy days soon.
Out of confusion comes new patterns.
Live like you are on the bottom, even if you are on the top.
You will soon emerge victorious from the maze you've been travelling in.
Do not judge a book by its color.
Everything will come your way.
There is a time to be practical now.
Bend the rod while it is still hot.
Darkness is only succesful when there is no light. Don't forget about light!
Acting is not lying. It is findind someone hiding inside you and letting that person run free.
You will be forced to face fear, and if you do not run, fear will be afraid of you.
You are thinking about doing something. Don't do it, it won't help anything.
Your worst enemy has a crush on you!
The phrase is follow your dreams. Not dream period.
Stop nagging to your partner and take it day by day.
Remember the fate of the early worm.
Begin your life anew with strength, grace and wonder.
Be a good friend and a fair enemy.
What goes around comes around.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
Movies have pause buttons, friends do not
Trust your intuition.
Encourage your peers.
Let your imagination wander.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
Patience is key, a wait short or long will have its reward.
Tell them before it's too late...
A bird in the hand is worth three in the bush!!
Be assertive when decisive action is needed.
To determine whether someone is beautiful is not by looking at their appearance, but their heart.
Hope brings about a better future
Even though it will often be difficult and complicated, you know you have what it takes to get it done.
Cookie says, "You crack me up"
You will prosper in the field of wacky inventions.
Your tongue is your ambassador.
The cure for grief is movement.
Love Is At Your Hands Be Glad And Hold On To It.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
Patience is a key to joy.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Stay to your inner self, you will benefit in many ways.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together as they do in you.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation.
If your cookie is still in one piece, buy lotto.
Tomorrow Morning,Take a Left Turn As Soon As You Leave Home
A metaphor could save your life.
Don't wait for your ship to come in, swim out to it.
There are lessons to be learned by listening to others.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
You are what you are; understand yourself before you react
Word to the wise: Don't play leapfrog with a unicorn.........
Forgive your enemies, but never forget them.
Everything will now come your way
Don't worry about the stock market. Invest in family.
Your fortune is as sweet as a cookie.
It is much easier to look for the bad, than it is to find the good
You are worth loving, you are also worth the effort it takes to love you
Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.
Get off to a new start - come out of your shell.